[Music]
Hi friends and friends of the channel,
sad statement from Rocío Flores last night
while she was walking through her city and
the girl had to speak out in this
story that I'm going to put
below so you can hear it for yourselves
and it saddens me a lot to hear
this word okay that a family and that
a person has to go through this
simply because of what is being talked about
on television it seems incredible to me not so that
the judge who
handled the vanitatis case can say that this
young lady has not suffered harm and that she has
not suffered any damage and it is that she has been
marked and singled out for
life and because of this documentary this is
going to haunt her forever it turns out that she
is being received threats
through her cell phone
the identity of some of these people has already been found out
and obviously she is going to have to
face her in court I do
not understand the need for
people to take
things they see on television personally no you can
have your opinion you may like one
and the other worse but to dedicate yourself and get involved
to the point of calling
one of the  protagonists to threaten him
and to insult me ​​is to make him let you go you must
be very crazy I
leave you with the video okay so you can
hear Rocío's own words
tell me what you think even if it went down
less I imagine it and we'll see each other in the
next video well as you know if you don't
know then I'll say it throughout
all these months I've been receiving
24 hours a day seven days a
week
calls messages threats real
barbarities the truth is that I'm not
much of a contraster around here but anyway I
say it basically because
throughout the day today I've received a
ton of calls the hidden number and it
turns out that the last person who
called me the hidden number later
called me again with their
personal number a bit intelligent
anyway he's going to pick up the call I called
and well you can imagine the
amount of barbarities that people
spout out of their mouths I'm only saying this
basically so that the people who are
dedicated to threatening me and especially the
private ones know that it
's super easy to find out where you're
calling from but anyway apart from this what
seems to me  The saddest thing of all, well what I was
telling you is that basically what I
find the saddest is that 90% of all
these types of things that I have said are
women and I am also a woman, okay to
be clear and then there are also people who,
the last person who
called me, but personally, could be
16 or 17 years old at most,
but well, basically I am only saying
that all these types of things and things
that are said about me on social networks and people
who say absolute barbarities, this is
going to go to court from the first
to the last, so yes, please,
can you avoid making me have a
bad time and also wasting my time, I
truly, as a human person that I
am, appreciate it
[Music]